what's up guys this s 20 today I'm here
to show you how to get my wife say on
your idevice for free so let's started
guys first go to the Syria right here
the steward for a while and go to the
manage and go to add sauce and right
here guys this word for this one so
listen I would for reloading data so
just go ahead and click edit and add all
right here guys you're gonna have to
type Syria dot my repo space.com slash
hack
em that's the number so VI al that's so
you're going to add this one so go ahead
and add sauce once it's done this word
word for wild guys and right here guys
you're gonna have to type click on
anyway so you go do that and just wait
for the uploading sorceries once its
ruling click on return to cydia there
right now guys go ahead and click on
same source the Hat more well so go
ahead and do that and just go ahead and
scroll down all the way down now right
here guys you're going to see my wife I
4.47 seven that's the name of that and
that the Wi-Fi so go ahead and install
this one this is this is our 4.77 these
charges just a name so he walks in on
the seat that's the six so go ahead and
install that one so I'm running this one
does wait
so it's going to take couple times so
just wait for that one cistern and now
is going on promoting on so same rolling
loading and just go ahead and restart
crisping board but and click that one so
once this your wrist ping go ahead and
check the your device go ahead do that
and you're like you can see the icon my
wife so right here guys you're going to
see bluetooth home screen USB so that's
how you're gonna connect this one it's
going to show up the how many connection
you have and how much internet you are
sharing on the another device so that's
how you're gonna get so thank you for
watching this video guys and if you do
if you like this video please go ahead
and click on like and don't forget
subscribe me